Alright the next step for sure, is creating a console setup. 
There are probably 1000 nicer and more clever GUIS, but they're
never really worth the effort. And most of that is above my pay
grade anyways. So console it is. 

Any common attributes of a prospect that are important, should
be pulled by recent first. Whether that is by searching in 
reverse, or finding them all and picking the latest.  My vote is 
for the former. 


Data prefix. This could use a standard, general to specific. 
  eg: email.work, first-name.informal, phone.cell, 
      address.mailing, address.house
hmm   name.first.informal, name.last
      call.vm

Linking couples and friends could be done by referencing 
each other. When it comes down to it, there should really be only
one decision maker. Spouses should be involved. 
      "spouse:mr-doe"

One customization I didn't foresee was the ability to have a 
custom render scheme for each individual. That said, I could add a tag "render:with-spouse", or more simply. Just have a layer that keeps an eye out for individuals who have a spouse. 

# Main Display.

If I type in a node (by string or address), it should return
a basic summary of the prospect. Maybe 10 typical properties, 
along with the top 5 most recent leaves. 


f find:     Search by string
@ fetch:    Return the info of node/leaf at this address. 
            Both raw and interpreted
            Must be prepared with error handling. 
! store:    Manually add an item, (May not implement)
l list:     list every item possible. 
            {0, 1, 2} all, nodes, or leaves
v view:     Summary of the prospect
            string or address
+ add node:Creates a new node and sets it as active. 
> add leaf:Adds leaf with specified data for active node, using
            the current time. 
a active nd:Sets a node as the active one. 
x delete:   "deletes" an entry by changing the reference adr. 
  rebuild   Go through each entry one at a time and rebuild
            the entire database. 
: schedule: Add a note to the calendar as a reminder. 

Telephone # formatting. 

Next Phase:
  CSV export a list of people to call. 
  Reminders of who to call. 
    File as a stack of dates and suggestions. 
