Yep this is going to require lots of offshoot apps. 

Starting with the basic database and the methods for adding to/ editing. 

{ Address is the unique identifier }
      32-b word   Previous  Entry
      32-b word   Next      Entry
      32-b word   Epoch Time, this should be converted to 64-b for calcs. 
    ( 32-b word   Contact it belongs to. <-- Addition Only   )
    Content Ctc   Slang Name: For display, search, customer memory. 
    Content Adn   Binary data of format. 

Possibility of JSON based forms? Instead of scanned documents. 

Linked List / Database
  Editing & Creating
    Design this as a library that most of these tools will build from. 
    Just make an interactive prompt for this
  Reports
    Holes in qualification: w/o emails, need #'s, missing location. 
    CSV of people to call. 
    Forecast future business. 
    Occasionaly import a list of sales made. 
  Rebuilding
    Dry Run
    Archive the mud for later. 
  Statistics
    mispelled keys
  Calendar
    Pull Events, Notifications, etc from Database
    Generate Events/Labels for SoliLunar
    Weight time distribution by hard limits
      and by celestial rhythms
  Strategies
    Eg. Assign 100 contacts to each of 5 strategies
        Pursue them for 1 month according to assigned tasks. 


A remind for my future self, or anyone else reading this:

The goal is to create a CRM for the individual. It will not be expanded with
various roles and micromanagement features. Nor will it have direct integrations
with fancy Web 911.0 features. It will be as lightweight as it can remain to
provide what is needed to run a business / prospecting venture. 
If this is ever given to/marketed for a multi-employee business:
  The employee can be equipped with several different tools
  And hopefully some scripted strategies. 
  After that it's all on the employee. 
  He should be given that first month of training to construct his own
    strategy that will work for his first couple of months of making money. 

