At the core is a blob storage system. Built as a CRM.  One of its strengths will be to assemble CSV's across all kinds of different queries. It will also have the ability to import them. Most commonly (I believe) as a list of transactions to append to various customers. 

So as far as the blob storage goes I will still need some entry points. Technically I could just maintain a list of important blobs and then build everything from there. Actually, yeah let's do that. It will be a good learning experience. Especially for building my own zettelkasten. 

And then I'll need a user interface. Well, that's not really necessary as a text editor would get me 90% of the way there. And a few additional command line utilities would work good as well. But I'm a visual guy and having a proper live environment would be much better. 

Luckily for the initial system text-only is all that is required. Eventually it could emulate camlistore and support all kinds of binary data. Maybe even get a flashy front end. And maybe even repackage it into a server. But for the time being a linux app is perfect. Besides, using lua should make it available on windows systems too. Hopefully with minimal tweaking. 

Now this isn't a "modern" blob storage. I will be creating a dictionary. One of the only questions is how should items be named? md5sum? Similar alternative? Or should they just be left to the user to choose an address?


example functionality:
------------------------------
  echo "Just called him." >> crm-note georgie-717 
  crm-call freddie-chapman            (( Pops up with typical CRM prompt ))
  crm generate-csv untouched                      (( bam! printable csv. ))
  crm-dummy -weeks 8 -sales low
       (( Backups occur as they would on any file system. Database file. ))
  crm rebuild                         (( Anything flagged is left behind.))
  "Jeremy Zucherman" add-contact "jzucks12@aol.com"
  jeremy-12958 add-email "jzucks12@aol.com"
  everything-at-a-glance

Dictionary Flags (if implemented)
------------------------------
  * Valid Information                 (mark bad emails/phones)
  * Info acquired by 3rd party        (not willingly given by prospect)
  * Could be dropped                  (info, not worth archiving) 

Modular Pieces (Essentially addon scripts)
------------------------------
  1) CSV Import / Export
  2) Rebuild Database
  3) Analytics
      - Touch rate, calls / day
      - Consistency of interactions

Many things are added, little is taken. Although technically a dictionary entry could be edited. So perhaps there will be spaces left for a few flags.

At-A-Glance

Everything which I need to know getting into "the office" or before I call an end to my day. Birthdays, followups, research, other tasks, etc. 

There will be "Activity Plans" which will execute against each prospect's history, to generate the next most useful task. Obviously that may be something which will take some tweaking. Its only real importance is to keep my eyes on the clouds while I'm working in the mud. The nice thing about able to have coaches that can be scripted is that I can translate book advice into a game plan and assign it to 10 prospects for example to see how that works out. 

Prospecting & Stratification

Obviously there are some people we don't want to mess with. Ron is very observant and capable when it comes to some borderline strokers. However, there is still that bottom 20% of people that aren't with it as clients for myself. Although I need to be careful in not letting 20% creep up to 50%. 

Now prospecting applies to everyone however. When I'm in a cold-calling mode for example, nobody is out of bounds or off-limits. Because that information is very sketchy and I have no idea who may be interested. That is knowledge that can only be determined by the prospect. 

My time must be spent well. If I'm doing this as my full-time job:
  2-4 hours a day for prospecting. Then of the remaining 5 hours: 
    10% on followup with bad leads
    55% with Stage 1/2 leads
    21% with Stage 3 leads
     8% with Stage 4 leads
     3% on Closings
     2% on Post-Sell
  This might be excessive, but it's an idea. 
